CUDA Docs: Make workflow using simulator more explicit (#6244)
numba/numba: docs/source/cuda/simulator.rst

code, or by using the debugger to step through the execution of an individual
thread.

> The simulator to deliberately allows non-CUDA code like starting a debugger and
> printing arbitrary expressions to run for debugging purposes. Therefore, it is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The simulator deliberately allows running non-CUDA code like starting a debugger 
and printing arbitrary expressions for debugging purposes. Therefore, it is
```
